Skip to Main Content
WOW
RETAIL
CLASSIC
TBC
MISTS
···
DIABLO IV
···
LIVE
PTR
LOG IN WITH:
Battle.net
Email
Register
NEWSDATABASETOOLSGUIDESCOMMUNITYGO AD-FREEMORE
SEASON OF DISCOVERY
SOD CLASSES
PHASE 6
CLASSES
PROFESSIONS
TIER LISTS
RAIDS
LEVELING
REPUTATIONS
Report Ad
Report ad
Remove All Ads
Report Ad
Report ad
Remove All Ads
0:02
/
2:55
Keep Watching
Report Ad
Report ad
Remove All Ads
Guides
...
Guide Contents
Patch 1.15.8
4.8/5  (6 Votes)
Classic Dungeon Guides
Dungeon Quests
Eastern Kingdoms
Deadmines (18-23)
Shadowfang Keep (22-30)
Stormwind Stockades (22-30)
Scarlet Monastery (26-45)
Gnomeregan (24-34)
Uldaman (35-45)
Temple of Atal'Hakkar (55-60)
BRD - Shadowforge Key (52-60)
BRD - Angerforge To Emperor (55-60)
Lower Blackrock Spire (55-60)
Stratholme (Alive Side) (55-60)
Stratholme (Undead Side) (55-60)
Stratholme Undead Dungeon Overview
Best in Slot Gear from Stratholme Undead
Tier 0 Dungeon Set Items from Stratholme Undead
Notable Profession Items from Stratholme Undead
Argent Dawn Reputation
Other Notable Stratholme Undead Loot
Recommended Group Composition for Stratholme Undead
How to Get to Stratholme Undead - Service Gate
Stratholme Undead Bosses and Layout
Magistrate Barthilas
Stonespine (Rare Spawn)
Nerub'enkan
Black Guard Swordsmith
Baroness Anastari
Maleki the Pallid
Ramstein the Gorger
Baron Rivendare
Noteworthy Stratholme Undead BoE Loot
Quests
The Flesh Does Not Lie
The Active Agent
Above And Beyond
Houses of the Holy
The Medallion of Faith
Aurius' Reckoning
Ramstein
Menethil's Gift
Conclusion/Further Information
Scholomance (55-60)
Upper Blackrock Spire (55-60)
Kalimdor
Ragefire Chasm (13-18)
Wailing Caverns (15-25)
Blackfathom Deeps (20-30)
Razorfen Downs (40-50)
Razorfen Kraul (30-40)
Zul'farrak (44-54)
Maraudon (45-52)
Dire Maul (East) (55-60)
Dire Maul East Jump Run
Dire Maul (West) (55-60)
Dire Maul (North) (55-60)
Guide Info
Changelog
Stratholme Undead Dungeon Strategy Guide - WoW Classic
By Sh3rro
Updated: 2024/11/29
Welcome to the Stratholme Undead guide. This guide will cover the quests, bosses, notable loot and other information on undead side of Stratholme.

If you are looking for the live side of Stratholme please visit the following guide:


Stratholme Live Dungeon Strategy Guide - WoW Classic
Report Ad
Report ad
Remove All Ads
Stratholme Undead Dungeon Overview
Stratholme is divided into two sections, commonly referred to as Strat Undead and Strat Live, based on the mobs present in that half. Stratholme Undead, also known as Strat UD, is a dungeon for levels 55-60, boasting a good amount of pre-raid BiS gear for most classes. The final boss also has a small chance to drop the mount which he rides upon, the  Deathcharger's Reins.

Stratholme is limited to groups of 5 players, although several other dungeons allow more.
Best in Slot Gear from Stratholme Undead
As Stratholme Undead is a level 55-60 dungeon, many pieces will be considered pre-raid Best in Slot. Click on any of the class links below to visit our Best in Slot lists!
Best in Slot Cloth from Stratholme Undead
 Robes of the Exalted from Baron Rivendare is great for all healers: Healing Druid, Healing Paladin, Healing Priest, Healing Shaman.
 Maleki's Footwraps from Maleki the Pallid is good for Shadow Priests and Warlocks.
 Crimson Felt Hat from Magistrate Barthilas is good for Mages.
Best in Slot Leather from Stratholme Undead
 Verdant Footpads from Stonespine is good for Healing Druids, Elemental Shaman, Healing Paladins, and Healing Shaman.
Best in Slot Plate from Stratholme Undead
 Legplates of Valor from Baron Rivendare is good for Warrior Tanks.
 Gauntlets of Valor from Ramstein the Gorger is good for Warrior Tanks.
Best in Slot Weapons from Stratholme Undead
 Bonescraper from Baron Rivendare is good for Feral DPS Druids.
 Scepter of the Unholy from Baron Rivendare is good for Shadow Priests.
 Husk of Nerub'enkan from Nerub'enkan is good for Warrior Tanks.
 Carapace Spine Crossbow from Nerub'enkan is good for Hunters.
Best in Slot Accessories from Stratholme Undead
 Cape of the Black Baron from Baron Rivendare is good for many melee, including DPS Warrior, Enhancement Shaman, Feral Druid DPS, Hunter, Ret Paladin, and Rogue.
 Animated Chain Necklace from Ramstein the Gorger is good for all healers: Healing Druid, Healing Paladin, Healing Priest, Healing Shaman.
 Band of Flesh from Ramstein the Gorger is good for Warrior Tanks.
Tier 0 Dungeon Set Items from Stratholme Undead
Stratholme Undead drops several pieces of the Tier 0 / Dungeon Set 1 armor sets. Each set has 2-piece, 4-piece, 6-piece and 8-piece bonuses, granting additional stats and effects as more pieces of a set are equipped.

Tier 0 items can be equipped by any class, but,players with Tier 0 pieces will be able to embark on a difficult questline across many dungeons to upgrade these pieces. You will need the Tier 0 items appropriate for your class to proceed on the quest, so ask before rolling on a tier item that was not designed for your class.

Stratholme Undead will be needed for one part of this upgrade quest:  Dead Man's Plea.
All Tier 0 legs drop from Baron Rivendare.
 Wildheart Bracers drop from trash.
 Beaststalker's Bindings drop from trash.
 Beaststalker's Boots drop from Nerub'enkan.
 Magister's Belt drop from trash.
 Lightforge Belt drop from trash.
 Devout Sandals drop from Maleki the Pallid.
 Bindings of Elements drop from trash.
 Dreadmist Belt drop from trash.
 Dreadmist Sandals drop from Baroness Anastari.
 Gauntlets of Valor drop from Ramstein the Gorger.
 Belt of Valor drop from trash.
Notable Profession Items from Stratholme Undead
 Formula: Enchant Weapon - Unholy drops from Thuzadin Shadowcaster.
To become a Master Swordsmith, you must defeat the Black Guard Swordsmith for  Corruption.
He drops  Bottom Half of Advanced Armorsmithing: Volume III which can be turned in for  Plans: Enchanted Thorium Helm
Nearby the mob you will find the plans for  Plans: Corruption lying on the ground.
Maleki the Pallid drops  Plans: Hammer of the Titans which is a good weapon for PvP due to the stun.
Argent Dawn Reputation
Scourgestones are one of the main ways to gather reputation with the Argent Dawn. The Argent Dawn Commission is a trinket that, when equipped, allows you to collect Scourgestones from Undead mobs in the Plaguelands via  Argent Dawn Commission. Scourgestones can be turned in for reputation in any Argent Dawn camps for reputation. Each turn-in grants 50 Reputation with the Argent Dawn as well as an  Argent Dawn Valor Token, which grants an additional 100 Reputation on use.
It is advised to save 10  Argent Dawn Valor Token at Revered and 25  Argent Dawn Valor Token at Exalted to unlock the Argent Dawn shoulder enchants.
With your trinket equipped, you will find many Scourgestones in Stratholme Undead, including  Corruptor's Scourgestone from some bosses.
Learn more in the Argent Dawn Reputation Guide.
Other Notable Stratholme Undead Loot
 Flamescarred Girdle provides good fire resistance for Druids.
 Lavawalker Greaves provides good fire resistance for Warriors.
 Stoneskin Gargoyle Cape is longer than your average cape.
 Deathcharger's Reins is Baron's mount, and the only way for Alliance players to ride an Undead Horse.
 Stratholme Holy Water is a valuable consumable for Baron runs and Nefarian, as you deal AoE damage to all Undead. It is also needed for the Paladin Class Quest  Collection of Goods.
 Frayed Abomination Stitching can drop from Ramstein the Gorger and trash in his room like Bile Spewer. This is needed to craft  Arcanum of Protection as well as the epics  Breastplate of Bloodthirst,  Breastplate of the Chromatic Flight,  Cap of the Scarlet Savant, and  Leggings of Arcana.
Recommended Group Composition for Stratholme Undead
Dungeons are usually completed with five players, comprising the following roles:
A tank to hold threat, absorb damage, and prevent the enemy mobs from killing the DPS and healer. Usually a Tank Warrior equipping a shield and using proper threat-generatig abilities like  Sunder Armor and  Shield Slam. Check out our Tank Warrior Rotation Advice if you would like to tank a dungeon for your party and familiarize yourself with important abilities.
Three DPS: All classes can deal DPS, but the most popular DPS while leveling is Mage, Warrior, Rogue, Warlock, and Hunter. Hybrids can DPS, but they will usually end up healing.
A healer to keep the party alive, and resurrect dead players. Usually a Healing Priest due to their versatile healing kit and buffs like  Power Word: Fortitude, but Druids, Paladins, and Shaman can also heal.
For Stratholme undead, there will be many fights that contain a big group of enemies of Undead. AoE and cleave can help greatly, but Crowd Control will, too, if you'd like to pull more methodically. Examples of CC that will help are:
 Paladin -  Turn Undead
 Rogue -  Sap
 Priest -  Mind Control,  Shackle Undead
 Mage -  Polymorph
 Warlock -  Fear
As for tanks, other than the typical  Warrior or  Druid, a Protection Paladin can actually do a great job tanking Stratholme undead! Talented properly with the right consumables, a Prot  Paladin is a great AoE tank, especially when there are Undead enemies in the mix.
How to Get to Stratholme Undead - Service Gate
You will find Stratholme undead at the northern part of Eastern Plaguelands. There is a locked gate that can be unlocked with  Key to the City which is looted from Magistrate Barthilas. If no one in your group has this key, you will need to venture into the living side of Stratholme and head over to the undead side to get the key which I explain in my Stratholme Live Dungeon Guide Classic WoW.


Tip: Click map to zoom
Hide pins
Eastern Plaguelands

To get there as either faction, take the flight path to Light's Hope Chapel and run north west.
Stratholme Undead Bosses and Layout


You will enter at B and be inside a corridor with a locked gate. This is usually where everyone buffs up and get ready as it is a safe spot until the gate is opened.
Magistrate Barthilas
The first boss you may encounter is Magistrate Barthilas. He has a chance to spawn both at the church near the start and not despawn, or he will be alerted and run to his second spot near the end of the instance. He is number 12 on the map.

He has four key abilities:
 Draining Blow
 Crowd Pummel
 Furious Anger
 Mighty Blow
The main ability you need to be aware of, especially while tanking is  Mighty Blow as it will knock you back a few yards potentially into more mobs, making the fight harder for you and your group. To counter this simply face your back to a wall and you will be knocked straight upwards rather than backward.
Magistrate Barthilas Loot
 Idol of Brutality -  Druid Relic
 Corruptor's Scourgestone - Argent Dawn rep
 Peacemaker - Polearm
 Magistrate's Cuffs - Leather Wrist
 Death Grips - Plate Gloves
 Crimson Felt Hat - Cloth Helm
 Royal Tribunal Cloak - Cloak
 Key to the City - Key
Stonespine (Rare Spawn)
Stonespine is a rare spawn NPC that spawns at 14 on the map and paths and and down that section. He has no real notable mechanics or abilities apart from  Vicious Rend. Though he does drop some decent gear.
Stonespine Loot
 Corruptor's Scourgestone - Argent Dawn rep
 Verdant Footpads - Leather Feet
 Stoneskin Gargoyle Cape - Cloak
 Gargoyle Shredder Talons - Fist Weapons
Nerub'enkan
Nerub'enkan spawns at number 16 on the map, north west of where you enter the gauntlet. Generally you will make your way to this boss first. He has a few annoying abilities:
 Crypt Scarabs
 Encasing Webs
 Pierce Armor
 Raise Undead Scarab
As a DPS cleave down the extra mobs he spawns, they wont do much damage and you will likely pull aggro due to the tank being snared or already under pressure. Healers/tanks should watch for  Pierce Armor and coordinate small defensive abilities and some more focused healing on the tank but apart from that it is a simple fight.

When you have killed him make your way into the room behind him filled with Thuzadin Acolytes, make sure you kill them all as this unlocks a gate later on in the dungeon.
Nerub'enkan Loot
 Corruptor's Scourgestone - Argent Dawn rep
 Beaststalker's Boots - T0 Hunter Set Boots
 Carapace Spine Crossbow - Crossbow
 Chitinous Plate Legguards - Plate Legs
 Husk of Nerub'enkan - Shield
 Thuzadin Sash - Cloth Waist
 Crypt Stalker Leggings - Leather Resistance Legs
 Fangdrip Runners - Cloth Resistance Feet
 Darkspinner Claws - Mail Resistance Gloves
 Acid-etched Pauldrons - Plate Resistance Shoulders
 Eye of Arachnida - Eye of Kilrogg
Black Guard Swordsmith
Black Guard Swordsmith is a mini boss that can be summoned by clicking on the blacksmithing plans on the ground right of Baroness Anastari. He doesn't have any mechanics or drop any unique loot apart from  Bottom Half of Advanced Armorsmithing: Volume III for Blacksmiths.
Baroness Anastari
Baroness Anastari spawns at number 15 on the map and is the next boss you will face. She doesn't do a lot of damage herself but with her annoying kit of abilities it can make the fight quite a nuisance. Her abilities are:
 Banshee Curse
 Banshee Wail
 Possess
 Silence
She will cast  Possess on players throughout the fight which can be broken by getting the possessed player to 50% health. She will also silence casters and put a curse on players to reduce their hit chance.
Baroness Anastari Loot
 Corruptor's Scourgestone - Argent Dawn rep
 Anastari Heirloom - Amulet
 Banshee Finger - Wand
 Dreadmist Sandals - T0 Warlock Set Feet
 Screeching Bow - Bow
 Shadowy Laced Handwraps - Cloth Hands
 Windshrieker Pauldrons - Mail Resistance Shoulders
 Banshee's Touch - Plate Resistance Hands
 Wail of the Banshee - Item that reduces enemy chance to hit
 Chillhide Bracers - Leather Resistance Wrists
 Coldtouch Phantom Wraps - Cloth Resistance Chest
When you have killed him make your way into the room behind her filled with Thuzadin Acolytes, make sure you kill them all as this unlocks a gate later on in the dungeon.
Maleki the Pallid
Maleki the Pallid is down the path north of Baroness Anastari he is located at 17 on the map and has a few annoying abilities:
 Drain Life
 Frostbolt
 Ice Tomb
Generally he will entomb the tank in the  Ice Tomb which lasts for 6 seconds, during this time healers and DPS should be aware of pulling aggro and play. That is the only mechanic you need to worry about on this fight.
Maleki the Pallid Loot
 Corruptor's Scourgestone - Argent Dawn rep
 Bone Slicing Hatchet - 1H Axe
 Devout Sandals - T0 Priest Set Feet
 Maleki's Footwraps - Cloth Feet
 Pale Moon Cloak - Cloak
 Plans: Hammer of the Titans - Blacksmithing Plan
 Skull of Burning Shadows - Offhand
 Clutch of Foresight - Silence Item
 Flamescarred Girdle - Leather Resistance Belt
 Darkbind Fingers - Cloth Resistance Hands
 Lavawalker Greaves - Plate Resistance Feet
 Twilight Void Bracers - Mail Resistance Wrist
When you have killed him make your way into the room behind him filled with Thuzadin Acolytes, make sure you kill them all as this unlocks a gate later on in the dungeon.
Ramstein the Gorger
The next boss Ramstein the Gorger is located at 18 on the map and will spawn after you kill all the patchwork mobs in this room who can drop  Frayed Abomination Stitching. If you are tanking this, I would advise letting your group know you to get past the gate that leads into the room because it will lock when you start to pull these mobs. Also, it is best to only pull one of these at a time as they can deal a decent amount of damage and spawn extra mobs themselves.

Once you have cleared the room of all the patchwork mobs you will spawn Ramstein the Gorger. He is basically a tank and spank with aggro swap mechanics. These are his abilities:
 Flurry
 Knockout
 Trample
He will cast  Knockout on the tank and swap aggro also using  Trample along the way. You should just be wary of this and have some heals ready for your DPS'ers as a healer.
Ramstein the Gorger Loot
 Corruptor's Scourgestone - Argent Dawn rep
 Band of Flesh - Ring
 Frayed Abomination Stitching - Needed for  Arcanum of Protection
 Animated Chain Necklace - Amulet
 Crest of Retribution - Shield
 Gauntlets of Valor - T0 Warrior Set Gloves
 Ramstein's Lightning Bolts - Trinket
 Slavedriver's Cane - Staff
 Soulstealer Mantle - Cloth Shoulders
Baron Rivendare
The final boss of Stratholme undead is Baron Rivendare. He can be fairly difficult if you don't have a good strategy to beat him. His abilities are:
 Cleave
 Mortal Strike
 Shadow Bolt
 Unholy Aura
With this kit, he is able to reduce healing on the tank, and deal consistent AoE damage to nearby players with his aura and cleave. He will also summon some skeleton mobs throughout the fight, which can be cleaved down quite easily but left unchecked will cause havoc in the group.

Being a tank that has done this fight numerous times, I would advise this strategy. Buff up outside, let everyone know you are about to run in, as the door will close when you pull Baron Rivendare. As a tank, run to your right and pull him to the right side of the room, the melee will follow suit and the ranged DPS and healer will go to the left side of the room and stand on the bone piles. This will allow all your ranged to avoid the  Unholy Aura, making the fight a lot easier on the healer. Melee should also be standing behind the boss to avoid his cleave. When the skeleton mobs spawn as a DPS, they are your primary focus; the tank shouldn't have to worry about picking all of these up as they die fairly quickly. Maintain the distance to avoid the aura as much as you can, and this fight is a lot easier.
Baron Rivendare Loot
 Thuzadin Mantle - Cloth Shoulder
 Tunic of the Crescent Moon - Leather Chest
 Gauntlets of Deftness - Mail Gloves
 Helm of the Executioner - Plate Helm
 Ritssyn's Wand of Bad Mojo - Wand
 Deathcharger's Reins - Mount
 Runeblade of Baron Rivendare - 2H Sword
 Corruptor's Scourgestone - Argent Dawn rep
 Scepter of the Unholy - 1H Mace
 Dracorian Gauntlets - Mail Gloves
 Seal of Rivendare - Ring
 Cape of the Black Baron - Cloak
 Robes of the Exalted - Cloth Chest
 Skullforge Reaver - 1H Sword
 Bonescraper - Dagger
 Wildheart Kilt - T0 Druid Set Legs
 Beaststalker's Pants - T0 Hunter Set Legs
 Magister's Leggings - T0 Mage Set Legs
 Lightforge Legplates - T0 Paladin Set Legs
 Devout Skirt - T0 Priest Set Legs
 Shadowcraft Pants - T0 Rogue Set Legs
 Kilt of Elements - T0 Shaman Set Legs
 Dreadmist Leggings - T0 Warlock Set Legs
 Legplates of Valor - T0 Warrior Set Legs
Noteworthy Stratholme Undead BoE Loot
It is worth noting that the Bind-on-Equip items that drop can be found from trash mobs except for  Gauntlets of Valor which drops from Ramstein the Gorger. Please refer to the Best and Worst BoE Drops for a complete list of drops.
 Wildheart Bracers - Leather Wrist
 Bindings of Elements - Mail Wrist
 Morlune's Bracer - Plate Wrist
 Magister's Belt - Cloth Waist
 Dreadmist Belt - Cloth Waist
 Lightforge Belt - Plate Waist
 Juno's Shadow - Back
 Devout Bracers - Cloth Wrist
 Shadowcraft Bracers - Leather Wrist
 Beaststalker's Bindings - Mail Wrist
 Belt of Valor - Plate Waist
 Plaguebat Fur Gloves - Leather Hands
 Sacred Cloth Leggings - Cloth Legs
 Stratholme Militia Shoulderguard - Mail Shoulders
 Gracious Cape - Back
 Gauntlets of Valor - Plate Hands
 Plaguehound Leggings - Leather Legs
Quests
First of all, you should check which quests give you a potential reward that would be worthwhile for you and pick them up. Here is a link to the list of Strat quests for both UD and living: Stratholme Quests. Below I will outline the quests that are for the UD side:
 The Flesh Does Not Lie can be picked up from Betina Bigglezink at Lights Hope Chapel. It requires you to loot 20x Plagued Flesh Sample from the mobs in the dungeon.
This quest is a follow up to  The Flesh Does Not Lie which you can get from Betina Bigglezink at Lights Hope Chapel. You will need to find some  Scourge Data which can spawn in 1 out of the 3 ziggurats inside the instance. It is in a small metal container and you can simply loot this and return to Betina.
 Above and Beyond can be picked up from Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff at Lights Hope Chapel, and requires you to do the Stratholme Live quest chain starting with  The Archivist first. It requires you to loot  Head of Baron Rivendare from Baron Rivendare which is the last boss in the dungeon.
The quest series rewards  Argent Defender,  Argent Crusader, or the lightsaber  Argent Avenger.
 Houses of the Holy can be picked up from Leonid Barthalomew the Revered at Lights Hope Chapel. It requires you to loot  Stratholme Holy Water from wooden crates located throughout the dungeon. These crates also have a chance to be empty, only spawning aggressive rats.
Rewards  Crown of the Penitent or  Band of the Penitent
 The Medallion of Faith requires you to bring a  Medallion of Faith to Aurius. You will find him at the beginning of the UD side entrance in the burning chapel. The item  Medallion of Faith is found in the living side of Stratholme in a chest behind the boss Malor the Zealous. You may have already looted this if you have done the living side prior.
The follow-up quest  Aurius' Reckoning, taking you to Undead Strat, rewards  Will of the Martyr,  Blood of the Martyr.
 Ramstein is a Horde only quest which starts with Nathanos Blightcaller at his house located at 26.5, 74.7 in Eastern Plaguelands. You will need to complete a few pre-quests to unlock this which are:  The Ranger Lord's Behest and  Duskwing, Oh How I Hate Thee....
Rewards  Royal Seal of Alexis or  Elemental Circle
 Menethil's Gift is a few quests into a quest chain which starts with Eva Sarkhoff in Western Plaguelands. The quest is  Doctor Theolen Krastinov, the Butcher and will send you on a long quest chain to which ends at  The Lich, Ras Frostwhisper which rewards some nice items depending on your class. To complete  Menethil's Gift once you are at that step, you simply use  Keepsake of Remembrance on the orange symbol on the floor near Baron Rivendare.
The quest chain eventually rewards  Warblade of Caer Darrow,  Crown of Caer Darrow,  Darrowspike,  Darrowshire Strongguard
 Dead Man's Plea is also a few quests into a long quest chain to unlock upgraded dungeon set gear. The start of this quest chain is Tanaris with Mux Manascrambler. The quest he will offer to start this is  A Shifty Merchant. You can find rewards specific to this quest chain for your class here and here in the "see also" tab. You will need to complete the dungeon in under 45 minutes to complete this quest and speak with Ysida Harmon before she is executed. You should also note this quest chain isn't added until a later patch.
The Flesh Does Not Lie
The Active Agent
Above And Beyond
Houses of the Holy
The Medallion of Faith
Aurius' Reckoning
Ramstein
Menethil's Gift
Conclusion/Further Information
Thank you for taking the time to read my Stratholme Undead guide. If you have any queries or feedback, feel free to leave a comment on the guide. Or if you have any other questions relating Classic don't be shy to ask me on my twitter: https://twitter.com/Sh3rro or come hang out at my twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/sh3rro and ask me questions there.
Comments (3)
1 - 3 of 3
Add your comment|Sort: newest first, oldest first, highest rated|Filter by patch:
Classic

3


By Endorer (3,053 – 8·9) on 2019/08/21 (Classic)

Hey, thank you for a great guide for admittedly one of the most run dungeons in vanilla :) I sure as hell know that getting  Robes of the Exalted will be very high on my to-do list after reaching lvl60.
Anyways, as a suggestion: would you consider adding notable quest rewards from the dungeon? Although looking thru them there do not seem to by any, apart from a ring and a bunch of rep.

2


By Essenmir (9,790 – 3·17·22) on 2019/09/29 (Classic)

Should put hunters freezing trap in the CC section 20sec CC and can be re-trapped for another 20sec

1


By derasnan (2,673 – 5·13) on 2020/10/11 (Classic)

This needs to be updated (as of phase 5) please!
"complete the dungeon in under 45 minutes to complete this quest and speak with Ysida Harmon before she is executed. You should also note this quest chain isn't added until a later patch."
1 - 3 of 3
 
Contribute
Add your comment
Please keep the following in mind when posting a comment:
Your comment must be in English or it will be removed.
Unsure how to post? Check out our handy guide!
You might want to proof-read your comments before posting them.
Please post questions on our forums for quicker reply.
Post a Comment
You are not logged in. Please log in or register an account to add your comment.
News
Database
Tools
Guides
Community
Go Ad-Free
More
WOW GUIDES
Class Guides
Delve Guides
Leveling Guides
Mythic+ Guides
Profession Guides
Raid Guides
Talent Calculator
Tier Lists
Midnight
MOP CLASSIC GUIDES
Class Guides
Profession Guides
Dungeon Guides
Raid Guides
Quest Guides
Reputation Guides
Pet Battle Guides
Scenario Guides
Challenge Mode Guides
Talent Calculator
Tier Lists
WOW CLASSIC GUIDES
Attunement Guide
Best in Slot Guides
Class Guides
Dungeon Guides
Leveling Guides
Profession Guides
PvP Guides
Quest Guides
Raid Guides
Reputation Guides
DIABLO IV GUIDES
Lord of Hatred Expansion
Season 13
Endgame Tier List
Tier Lists
Barbarian Builds
Druid Builds
Necromancer Builds
Paladin Builds
Rogue Builds
Sorcerer Builds
Spiritborn Builds
Need Help?
User Tools
About Us
Advertise
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Random Page
Premium
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Report Ad
Report ad
Remove All Ads
